#summary Sprite completion list
#labels Graphics,Sprites,Status

= Sprite Completion List =

_NB: this list has not been finished yet_

  * <font color="#FF0000">Red</font> - Nothing done.  Anything in this slot now is only a placeholder.
  * <font color="#882200">Brown</font> - Something is done but should be replaced or heavily reworked.
  * <font color="#888800">Yellow</font> - Someone has shown work but nothing was submitted.
  * <font color="#8800FF">Violet</font> - Some work is done and submitted but is not complete.
  * <font color="#0000FF">Blue</font> Work is done, but could benefit from additional refinement.
  * <font color="#008800">Green</font>  - Work is done, no changes are foreseen.
  * ~ - Might be shuffled to different slot.
  * ! - Needed for current milestone and is not a green status.
  * (Who) - Who worked on this, if status is yellow or violet.


== Weapon Sprites ==
 * Weapon 1a: <font color="#FF0000">STFF</font> !
   * Frame A, normal idle
   * Frames B-C, normal melee attack 
   * Frames D-F, empowered idle
   * Frames G-H, empowered melee attack
 * Weapon 1b: <font color="#FF0000">GAUN</font> !
 * Weapon 2: <font color="#882200">GWND</font> !
    * Frame A, idle
    * Frames B-D, attack
 * Weapon 2 effect 1: <font color="#0000FF">PUF2</font>
    * Frames A-E, energy effect
 * Weapon 3: <font color="#008800">CRBW</font> (NeoWorm)
    * Frames A-C, idle
    * Frames D-H, attack
 * Weapon 4: <font color="#008800">BLSR</font>
 * Weapon 5: <font color="#008800">HROD</font>
 * Weapon 5 blood shot: <font color="#8800FF">FX00</font> ! (Leileilol & printz)
   * <font color="#008800">Frames A-B</font>, regular projectile
   * <font color="#FF0000">Frames C-F</font>, empowered projectile
   * <font color="#008800">Frames G-M</font>, projectile explosion
 * Weapon 6: <font color="#FF0000">PHNX</font> !
 * Weapon 6 fireball pt. 1: <font color="#FF0000">FX04</font> !
   * Frame A, fireball with angles
   * Frames B-F, fading smoke puffs
 * Weapon 6 projectile pt. 2: <font color="#FF0000">FX08</font> !
   * Frames A-H, magic fireball explosion
 * Weapon 7: <font color="#882200">MACE</font> !
 * Weapon 7 cannonball: <font color="#888800">FX02</font> ! (Stilgar)
   * Frames A-B, tiny ball spinning
   * Frames C-D, medium ball spinning
   * Frame E, giant bonecrushing ball
   * Frames F-J, ball impact and dissolution
 * Weakling mode weapon: <font color="#FF0000">BEAK</font> !

== Item Sprites ==

 * Armor: <font color="#008800">SHLD</font>
 * Superior Armor: <font color="#008800">SHL2</font>
 * Map: <font color="#008800">SPMP</font>
 * Wings: <font color="#8800FF">SOAR</font> ! (Stilgar)
 * Carry-on Teleporter: <font color="#0000FF">ATLP</font> !
 * Extra Ammo Capacity: <font color="#008800">BAGH</font>
 * Invincibility Powerup: <font color="#8800FF">INVU</font> ! (Stilgar)

== Player Sprites ==
 * Player sprite: <font color="#FF0000">PLAY</font>

== Monster Sprites ==
 * Walking grunt (melee, with seeking projectile added for "elite" version): <font color="#FF0000">MUMM</font>
 * Flying grunt (melee slam for standard, weak projectile for elite): <font color="#FF0000">IMPX</font>
 * "Jack of all trades" enemy (standard and ghostly versions): <font color="#FF0000">KNIG</font>
 * Fast melee enemy: <font color="#FF0000">CLNK</font>
 * Mid-level ranged enemy: <font color="#FF0000">BEAS</font>
 * Mid-level flying enemy (spread shot attack): <font color="#008800">WZRD</font> (NMN)
 * High-HP enemy (stream shot ranged, no melee): <font color="#FF0000">SNKE</font>
 * E1 end boss / miniboss 1 (sorcerous attacks): <font color="#FF0000">HEAD</font>
 * E2 end boss / miniboss 2 (high power attacks): <font color="#FF0000">MNTR</font>
 * E3 end boss / final boss (phase 1): <font color="#FF0000">SRCR</font>
 * E3 end boss / final boss (phase 2): <font color="#FF0000">SOR2</font>

== Decor ==
Single frame unless otherwise noted.
 * Barrel: <font color="#008800">BARL</font>
 * 128-tall Pillar: <font color="#0000FF">BRPL</font>
 * Large gob of ceiling moss: <font color="#008800">MOS1</font>
 * Small gob of ceiling moss: <font color="#008800">MOS2</font>
 * Large stalactite: <font color="#008800">STCL</font>
 * Small stalactite: <font color="#008800">STCS</font>
 * Large stalagmite: <font color="#008800">STGL</font>
 * Small stalagmite: <font color="#008800">STGS</font>
 * Hanged corpse: <font color="#008800">HCOR</font>
 * Chandelier: <font color="#0000FF">CHDL</font> (3 frames candle flicker)
 * Big floor brazier: <font color="#0000FF">KFR1</font> (8 frames flame burning)
 * Locked door markers: <font color="#008800">KGZ1, KGZB, KGZG, KGZY</font>
 * Hanging skulls: <font color="#008800">SKH1, SKH2, SKH3, SKH4</font>
 * Small statue thing: <font color="#0000FF">SMPL</font>
 * Torch on a stick: <font color="#008800">SRTC</font> (3 frames burning>
 * Torch on the wall: <font color="#008800">WTRH</font> (3 frames burning>